going to make some cool cannon which is
similar to champ except we add currently
kale to it so I'm going to take my
scallions again again we need to find
chop from these put some butter but I'm
also going to use cold pressed Irish
rapeseed oil fantastic product cold
press is better for it it really is good
brings out flavors I love this structure
of it just and you know when you mix it
with a buttery prevents the butter from
burning you get our scallions in here a
bit of salt pepper when I'm waiting for
that to heat up I'm going to prepare
that curly kale curly kale has a little
spine in the back of it see it we don't
want to eat that so I just pull it right
off discard that and the rest we're
going to chop when that's sizzling there
i'm going to get my curly kale in sweat
them off a little bit take the crunch
other just take the raw and it's out of
the precooked some roosters peel them
boil them chill them mash them and
they're going to go in here we're going
to put some butter into this 60 grams of
butter it needs a little milk you got
lots of vitamin c if intimate senior
potato and you got bitumen see in your
curly kale as well it's a perfect way to
use leftover potatoes like takes 10
minutes have a taste or a bit of color
cannon
you